feat(mojaloop/#3177): update deployment guide for mojaloop helm v15 release (#409)
mojaloop/documentation: docs/technical/deployment-guide/deployment-troubleshooting.md

```

#### 1.4.2 Reason
  
In version 1.16 of Kubernetes breaking change has been introduced (more about it [in "Deprecations and Removals" of Kubernetes release notes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/release/notes/#deprecations-and-removals). The  Kubernetes API versions `apps/v1beta1` and `apps/v1beta2`are no longer supported and  and have been replaced by `apps/v1`.

Mojaloop helm charts v10 or less refer to deprecated ids, therefore it's not possible to install v10- on Kubernetes version above 1.15 without manually modification.

Refer to the following issue for more info: [mojaloop/helm#219](https://github.com/mojaloop/helm/issues/219)

#### 1.4.3 Fixes
  
Ensure that you are deploying Mojaloop Helm charts v10.x or less on v1.15 of Kubernetes.

## 2. Deployment issues

### 2.1. `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED` Error

#### 2.1.1 Description

The following error is displayed when attempting to access an end-point (e.g. central-ledger.local) via the Kubernetes Service directly in a browser: `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`

#### 2.1.2 Fixes

> 1. Verify that that Mojaloop was deployed by checking that the helm chart(s) was installed by executing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that Mojaloop was deployed correctly (by checking that the helm chart(s) was installed) by executing:
```

   ```bash
   helm list
   ```

   If the helm charts are not listed, see the [Deployment Guide - 5.1. Mojaloop Helm Deployment](./README.md#51-mojaloop-helm-deployment) section to install a chart.

2. Ensure that all the Mojaloop Pods/Containers have started up correctly and are available through the Kubernetes dashboard.

> 3. Note that the Mojaloop deployment via Helm can take a few minutes to initially startup depending on the system's available resources and specification. It is recommended that you wait at least 10m for all Pods/Containers to self heal before troubleshooting.

Reviewer: is it 10 minutes

Reviewer 2: Its probably less now since the backends are deployed seperately.

It probably takes around 5m now, but milage will vary depending on your system. I.e. slow system means you will need to wait longer.

On my machine it takes around 8-12m, and on moja2 for example, it normally takes around 2-4m.

Reviewer: ok thanks..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Note that the Mojaloop deployment via Helm can take a few minutes to initially startup depending on the system's available resources and specification. Expect this to take anything between 2-10 minutes.
```
